This program asks the user several security questions all contained in a while loop. Upon answering all security questions correctly in a row, a secret will be revealed. 
The purpose of this program is to demonstrate understanding the many features and syntax of Python, so each question will be unique in that they demonstrate something that the other questions has not already. This may be the use of a new command, the use of a new data type etc. 
Throughout the entire program, the because the user must answer all security questions correctly in a row, the use of the continue command and break command are used. The continue command is used whenever the user enters an incorrect answer, that way the program can restart to the beginning of the while loop. The break command is used at the very last question when the user answers that question correctly, that way to program can exit out of the while loop,
Only one module is imported, that being the random module. It is used so that I can demonstrate the use of the randInt() function.

Question 1 demonstrates simple user inputs, casting via int() and str() commands, and demonstrates the // operator.

Question 2 demonstrates the if/elif/else statements 

Question 3 demonstrates for loops, randInt() and "Truthy/Falsey" values by using the numbers (0 or 1) generated from randInt to at random fulfill or unfulfill an if statement

Question 4 asks three riddles by using a for loop and an if/elif statement to ask the appropriate question. A boolean variable is used to keep track of whether or not the user entered an incorrect answer, that way this section of code can effectively back out of the for loop and restart the security questions.

Question 5 generates two words at random lengths. This is generated by using a base word (word 1 being "Potato" and word 2 being "Tomato") and using the multiplication operator to multiply each word a random amount of times. The lengths are taken using len() and word 1 is subtracted by word 2 to calculate what the answer is. 
